Transcript:
 *And the reason being is in the past, um, with globalization, you only need two, three factories in China. Declobalization means that every single country wants their own supply chain. So maybe two hundred different factories, less efficient, um, but they don't care because in the end of the day, they they need the factories to guarantee the supply chain. So to be Actually, China expected a lot of these spare parts, components.* Stimulating export. So that's how I call the differentiated insights. something that people haven't thought of, something that is unique from your view, actionable ideas. So, okay, in the end of the day, I talk about export, etcetera. So what to buy, what stocks to benefit, um, because the the the hedge funds or the portfolio managers, they are all very busy. Um, and just like all consumers, uh, they like to be told what to do. So just tell me, okay. Under your, um, decarbonization, export drive themes. So what are the stocks that, uh, can recommend? So, uh, buy, you know, for example, uh, equipment names, buy industrial names, um, and these names are at XPRIZE, and then they are cheap or expensive. So that comes to this, you know, actionable ideas. And then short this, um, because, you know, uh, this dog is bad, blah blah blah, etcetera. So, uh, that would be how I frame the actionable ideas, um, in in that sense. Uh, that would be a inclusive of both insights and also ideas, um, that makes your page complete. Without insights, there's no ideas. With only ideas, um, people will not be convinced because they don't see any differentiation in their insights. So these are the two key elements I will be looking for in your pitch submission, and that probably would differentiate, uh, the good ones from the bad ones. At least don't repeat the obvious. Don't repeat what the company does. So things like company background, you know, historical financial, etcetera, I have seen people spending five, six different pages on these. Actually, I don't really need them because I know them. Uh, I've I've once went back to university to do, um, a stock pitching competition, uh, because I graduated from CUHK. Um, people... students are allowed to pick whatever stocks they want to pitch to me. There were thirty five students in the competition. They packed random stocks. Guess what? How many stocks I have never heard of during that thirty five students pitch? Have a guess. You know? Type any numbers that you have in mind. Out of the thirty five different stoppage, it was small class. How many stocks that I actually never heard of? Well, zero. I love this. So you guys are very extreme, so I can see very extremely low number and then extremely high number. and some are in the middle. The answer is three stocks. The answer is three stocks that I never actually heard of on... didn't actually know the company background. So even though I don't cover the entire space, but as a stock and analyst myself, I am interested in other business model so that I join the dots. So, um, the the reason why I say this is don't waste time on explaining a lot of the contextual or background stuff. So if I'm interested in now your idea, I would try to find out more. And when you pitch your idea from a differentiator insight and actionable ideas angle, um, you talk about the relevant things, in the end of the day, um, the company or the business model would automatically be shown during your pitch. So that's how I would I would say it. So out of the thirty five docs, I only haven't heard of three. So try not to repeat things like this. Okay. So that's how I would, you know, share in terms of the confidence, um, of the competition. So what are the key criteria and things that I'm looking at? So next section, um, I'll focus a bit more on the industry knowledge side, uh, which I think it's also useful for you guys to get a bit of understanding of what our sector has been doing, what are the important things. So I'll begin with our two thousand twenty six, um, sector outlook. Our view, we have two anti consensus view on the China energy transition space, including power, renewable, oil, and energy. First, we think overseas exports to break ground from nothing to one, especially to North America. This is very unique. Uh, we have seen development in this space, especially in January, February, um, that China products are directly, you know, entering to North America. This is not in consensus because two thousand twenty five last year, at best, we are talking about increasing overseas export from China. But this year, the narrative has further deepened that companies are selling directly to North America. It's in... this is very important because that could generate extra sales to solve the current power shortage issues. Second, anticonensus view is we think domestic China investment compared to the chips, which is Nvidia doing right now. So this is the key components of the power equipment. And then when it comes to the utilities, which means that they purchase these equipment and then operate, then you will see renewable power, you know, grid, because from how the things work is they assemble the the solar panel. They assemble, you know, the wind turbines and assemble the gas gas turbine. There will be companies that generate electricity and sell it to the grid, and they receive a price from selling electricity. The cost of running these things would be the equipment costs, labor calls, you know, interest calls, etcetera. So that's how the business model works for the utility company. And then as the grid, uh, you can imagine, like, uh, companies. So is doing the logistic for you to take the parcel from one place to the other. And then you pay this parcel delivery price, like, ten Hong Kong dollar, twenty twenty Hong Kong dollar. So that's how the grid works, essentially. They add on top of this price, another transmission price, and then that will send the power bill to the data center. So data center will pay one thing, electricity source price and also the logistic of the electricity price, which is the transmission. So imagine just like a supermarket, when you order from a supermarket, then you have to pay to the supermarket the goods and also which the export angle. why is this so exciting? A lot of these, you know, power equipment names in Hong Kong and China space has outperformed the market significantly even when oil price is surging. You know, the market volatility is this. Some of the names year to date went up, like, fifty percent. Um, it's still outperforming the broader Hang Seng index, which is down, um, is because two things. One is this gas turbine. Second is this gas diesel generator. China is breaking ground of exporting these things from nothing in the past to something to the US and North America directly. So this is a important part, um, of this. And second part is domestic. Uh, for domestic, when I talk about CapEx, it's the grid. So grid, uh, we have seen in CapEx growing massively, um, and the fifteen five year plan of China is undergoing, and the grid already announced a plan of seven percent CAGR growth of CapEx compared to, you know, uh, the last ten years of CapEx, which is, like, three percent, is a massive acceleration. The market is still in the disbelief of this because they think that, oh, uh, China, everything is new. China, you know, we are not short of electricity, so why bother investing in, you know, separate percent of CapEx? So I think people are still in the disbelief, um, of the... of this part. So this is where things are interesting. recruitment, gas turbine, diesel generator, and the domestic side, uh, this is the grid. Okay. Um, I think last but not least, I want to show you, uh, the stop list. We are having, um, the list of names is a big bird, um, but this is how, uh, we cover the stocks, um, as in the relevance to the supply chain. Um, so you can see, you know, gas turbine transformer, AI data center power supply, and then diesel generator, energy storage system. So this is where the red things are related. So we separate into US companies, and then we separate it into the APAC company. So these are the companies that are relevant and that helps you to narrow down what are the actionable ideas on the stock level. So that's on the red side on the equipment. And then the next slide is just to showcase on the yellow box, which is the utilities, and these are grid operators and the power generators. The US names and the APAC names. So once you identify, um, the key thesis, uh, then in the value chain, there are different names. Uh, we'll do a bit more, you know, detail analysis of the of the company. So top down, thesis, your differentiated insight always comes first. And then when it comes to how to play this, should you buy grid? Should you buy power generators, or should you buy the equipment? Then it goes down to the stock selection level. So that's how I would say, you know, our key work, uh, and also the importance, uh, industry knowledge, um, that I want to share with you today. So in short, um, confidence perspective for stock pitching, always try to focus on not the numbers, not the hard facts, but also adjust mostly on the differentiated insights. So what are you trying to sell? Why are you selling this? What is the relevant debate? So that's the inside part. And after this, you know, planning a bit of the industry knowledge, uh, trying to identify which are the gaps, uh, what are the stocks that you actually want to pitch, um, and that will generate your actionable ideas side. So, hopefully, with that, um, that helps you with the competition. So good luck, everyone. Uh, I will... I'm looking forward to see your pitch, um, and all the best, uh, with the competition.

QNA:

I am a more top down person, um, so I'm talking to you from a, you know, top down perspective, uh, especially at my level. Uh, the reason why this is important is because I think, uh, bottom up is not is not, uh, definitely not not bad. It's not definitely wrong for, uh, as well. Um, but the thing that I'm trying to to say here is all the detail, granular, you know, groundworks are actually going to be increasingly Hey. Maybe we all got replaced by AI. Of course, that is a risk, but let's set this aside for now is, I think, in the midpoint of things. What differentiate ourselves at a good analyst is we're able to connect the dots. We're able to connect, you know, what's happening in the world from a big picture perspective so that we try to bring some relevant argument to to investor. So say, for example, um, right now, uh, the key debate is definitely surrounding oil, politics, uh, AI, software, and also, you know, uh, these halo, uh, hardware equipment names. It is way, way easier to actually persuade people to act on these things in, uh, in the context of, you know, relevance to these companies, uh, move money, uh, attract people to buy things or sell things, um, from that particular area, uh, instead of just, you know, picking, um, a very undervalued for example, a a a a cigarette company. So for example... so it's not wrong. There is definitely value. There's definitely a lot of insights from from that. But just from a, you know, macro and money moving perspective, it is actually way, way easier to to convince people to to look at it. Because from that side, when it... when you're freely allowed to choose a stock, that actually tells me something about whether you know the market the market. So for example, um, for now, if you choose or pitch a stock from India, um, I would have a question mark. It's mainly because India, uh, is under huge threat right now because of the IT consulting business. It's highly tied to software. And if the US software companies is having a big trouble, um, then the second derivative is going to India, which is a lot a lot of the economy. Thirty percent of GDP is reliant on these, you know, software data thing. So if you pick India, it's already telling me that you might not have a, you know, sense of knowing where the market debate is. So if you if you see what my my my my point is. So if you are pitching me a stock in, for example, China or Korea, then automatically, I would feel that, oh, you have done your screening. You know, it's in the debate, and then these are the two things that are still growing in the market. It's less relevant to the oil shock, particularly for China because the economy is less geared to that. And although at at the same time, we are we are so worried about supply chain issues, so only Korea and China could provide this. So by picking and choosing different tiny things, it's actually showing to me that you actually follow the market. So, um, these tiny moves actually matter. Um, so I think from a top down, I'm trying to give you some... another perspective of how, uh, investors, etcetera, look at things. One more example, um, that I want... I can share is, um, just imagine it like a, uh, entrepreneur competition. Why? Nowadays, if you pitch an AI entrepreneurship, it is way easier to pitch another, you know, uh, social media thing. The main reason is because all the investors are geared towards this AI and with the community and with all these, you know, investment in place, um, it's naturally making sense that people are trying to find the next AI, uh, thing. The infrastructure is ready. Uh, the prototype is ready, so they are willing to invest in in these things. Whereas the the the app, you know, or the social media thing is out of, uh, favor because, uh, that that was more like a two thousand and ten to two thousand sixteen, uh, start up trend. Um, the trend back then was you have a mobile device, and that device is a new land. And all on that new land, everybody can generate whatever app to try to streamline, improve efficiency, improve productivity. So that's the blossoming time of app. So if you are pitching a social media thing, I'm I'm not saying that it would not be succeed, but it's not out of... but it's definitely out of favor. So your chance of succeeding will be much lower as a result. that's how I would say top down is very important, um, to me and probably way more important nowadays than just picking a single stop, um, to pitch. And whereas, you know, coming back to this, uh, whole competition, I know it's slightly different, uh, because it is a long short story. The long short story also have an angle because the sector is big. Um, you know, huge. You can long short, you know, utilities or power equipment. You can long short overseas exposure or domestic exposure. It's also relevant to a top down angle. So it's not just, okay, this company have higher margin. This company have lower margin. So that's why along the higher margin ones. This will be two single stop and bottom up focus. But along this, I show this because... or I I believe overseas is going to shine, growing much faster than domestic. So this is heavy exposure to overseas and less to domestic. And that you bring your argument to a much higher level. So that's how I would use this top down view even from a pear trade perspective. And my experience with clients, they are very likely to, you know, PE ratio, that that kind of idea. So I'm for you to answer your question. Yeah. Thank you very much. Um, that that really... that's, uh, really helpful answer, and I learned a lot from it. I wanna ask a quick follow-up. Um, it's just that... so so you did mention that... I do get the whole the whole top down approach work. But in terms of, um, for example, after we do the top down approach, I I have the, say, insights regarding one specific sector. Um, do you think it's still... do we still need to, for example, look at how, like, our views on this company that we picked after we do the top down approach differs from the street or no? Or, like, we can just have, like, a long story. As you said, say, this company is more competitive in x y z ways compared to y... compared to the other company. I -- Exactly. -- usually think, you know, based on my experience, what attract people is is the change in macro trend. So for example, overseas and domestic is what I I mentioned. Maybe difference in technology. So for example, EV is going to prevail compared to the diesel or gasoline cars, for example, and then shipping, there is a new standard of all these emissions so that these new shipping industry would would grow, and then all these would be slower. in semiconductor, there is optical transmission replacing the traditional copper or or or the old ones. So so these are the things that you can generate Pear Tree idea because the growth would be faster. The margin would would be better exam... for example. So I recommend this approach instead of the single stop margins just purely based on historical number. That's... if if that's the case, then why would not that work in the past? That would be the question. So if you just pee... purely based on some of the historical numbers, Yeah. Uh, first of all, it's not specific to the energy industry. Um, so we're actually seeing a lot of export from China globally, um, uh, in the past two, three years. So if you look back at the data of export, uh, it's growing at around five, six percent year on year, uh, which is much, much higher than a lot of economists forecast. Some even forecast a negative growth. Um, some forecast, like, zero growth, but eventually, everybody got it wrong. And even nowadays, the economists would say, oh, trade tariff, trade sanction, um, which is what you emphasize. Right? You also said that our trade sanction, trade tariff, uh, eventually would stop trade, stop growth, but the reality is telling us the other way around. Um, so what trick is it? why the reality happened in a different way compared to another group of thoughts. So that's how we generate insight or how you could generate insight, um, as a result. And this is, you know, trying to export overall. Your question, particularly to North America, yes, you know, China export to North America and imports have declined, you know, um, there are some numbers also showing that, uh, as well. To energy related, power related, and also to a bit of the machinery related industry, um, I can't say for all, but at least from a sector perspective, it's actually happening. Um, and I just want to share with you this because, uh, we follow the companies very closely, um, and a few of the companies that we cover are having no export in the past, but then they're increasingly moving strategic steps to this. Then you can say, the subsidiary of GE Venova, also signed a deal with JERA, which is one of the stock, um, that I put on the list for you guys to pick. They also went off the roof, share price. So why? You know? What happened? If you can formulate something that, you know, makes sense or generate a thesis of your own, then you are able to connect the dots to a broader thesis to attract investor to actually buy these stocks. Maybe something is changing. So, um, uh, that is proven by itself that tariff is not the key hurdle. Politics is not really key hurdle because imagine without electricity, with a huge shortage, what is at stake for the US? One, AI development slowdown. All the chips would be idling, you know, sun shining on the ground. Nobody cares. AI development slowdown. And second, high, high electricity price in the US. So these are the costs of not having electricity in the US. So it's not about an absolute right or wrong, but it's just a balance of benefit and costs so that eventually, you would share a view of, okay, maybe the US would still need China stuff. And these are the things that are more like physics. Right? Mechanics. So there's no knowledge or software things to be to be stealing national secrets. So maybe that's how our our things are working. Let me read again next round, evaluation of financial modeling. For example, t c f dot com's table is full... focused on investment thesis and sector analysis. Okay. Let me try to answer you by this. So both are important. So thesis is important and also long, short, um, when it comes to long short, valuations is definitely very important. The reason why I say this is because, okay, you got a very good differentiated insight, but then is that pricing, you know, what's the price? So the first part is definitely the thesis. Okay. Oh, oh, this LV bag is so great. You know, it makes you look good. It's free. ET, you know, Lisa is carrying it, so you should buy it. But I'm telling you this is one million US dollar per bag. Did you buy it? So insight is insight. Valuation is valuation. So you have this, you know, idea, and then you try to pair it up with with the actions. You have to pick the right thing. So these are power things, you know, tied together. So I would say thesis, and at at the same time, you know, it has to go well with the valuation. So if you are pitching me with this LV bag, but then it's one million US dollar for that particular bag. Maybe I'm not a bag person. I just feel like it's expensive. I'm... unless, you know, lady can tell me one billion referral the back to a l b is is actually cheap. So that... that's a a a different story. So two things have to go together. Okay. Thank you. Um, so I think, uh, regarding the competition bill questions, I will just, um, reply to you afterwards. Okay. So what are your short and long term views on energy prices, um, slash cost for the year after the enemy conflict? I think that's... it's... UBS view is we actually raised our long term oil price forecast to seventy ish US dollar per barrel brands. We used to have, like, sixty US dollar per barrel brands oil price, so it's definitely moved up already. I think our house view is is more like a short term hiccups, and the crazy reaction you saw oil price, like, twenty percent move a day, I think probably is partly due to short squeeze. Because the more the shorts people put on and the the the higher the the squeeze that it's creating so that it's doing this. Of course, nobody have a crystal ball, so we know... don't know really, you know, what happened in the next day. Would that would that be one week? Would that be one year or or a a month? So that's always the toughest part to to to really answer this question. But usually, when it comes to market situation like this, two things matters the most. One, which sector, which stock have the highest visibility regardless of what happened to the world? Visibility means that the demand, the growth, the supply chain, etcetera, is not going to be interrupted. So these docs would usually have the best, uh, position. And second, uh, we also look at valuation. Um, so if the downside protection of valuation is so strong enough, then usually, um, that will attract a lot of investors' flow. So with strong fundamental, um, with also valuation, then you can actually see from, uh, which market actually dropped the lists, uh, drop the least in the current, you know, turmoil. And that helps you to filter out which are the countries that actually are doing... standing okay. And with this, then you can actually further dial down to... okay. Within that resilient country, what are the stocks that actually... or soft sectors that actually do well? And it is a mirror to actually help you to find out, oh, why people didn't sell it? Why people still keep buying them? Maybe something is happening. So that is how I would use crisis as a mirror to really see through what are the good sectors, what are the good rationales and to see through what are the bad sectors or the bad rationale behind. Okay. Thank you, Chen Han for all the answers, and thank you again for all the great questions. Uh, as we are, um, approaching eight o'clock, so so before we close, uh, today's session, um, just a quick reminder. Um, please scan the QR code on screen to complete your competition registration, uh, before March the thirty first. And also sign up for the upcoming online coaching session series in a way have been a formal, uh, ahead of us. So today's session is just a one step in this journey. Okay. Thank you, uh, Chen, and thank you everyone for joining us today. and we look forward to seeing you IP and sales teams in the twenty six funds challenge. Have a good day.